docs: update certificate lifetime user guide (#681)
stackabletech/trino-operator: docs/modules/trino/pages/usage-guide/operations/graceful-shutdown.adoc

5. The `PreStop` hook will never return, but the JVM will be shut down by the graceful shutdown mechanism.
6. If the graceful shutdown doesn't complete quick enough (e.g. a query runs longer than the graceful shutdown period), after `<graceful shutdown period> + 30s of step 2 + 30s of step 4 + 10s safety overhead` the Pod gets killed, regardless if it has shut down gracefully or not. This is achieved by setting `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` on the worker Pods. Currently running queries on the worker will fail and cannot be recovered.

== Shutdown triggers

A shutdown operation can be triggered by multiple factors but a particularly important one is the renewal of the TLS certificates.
This is important because it's a recurring event at regular intervals in the lifecycle of a Trino cluster.
It is also an automatic process initiated by the commons operator when the TLS certificates issued by the secret operator are about to expire.

> Historically the lifetimes of these certificates have changed but they are always kept short (between one and seven days) by default.

Reviewer: I *think* we never had more than 24 hours, but I might be wrong
```suggestion
Historically the lifetimes of these certificates have changed but they are always kept short (around one day) by default.
```

Author: _now_ it's seven days by default, but I'll take it

NOTE: It is recommended to set an explicit lifetime that is appropriate for your situation as described in xref:concepts:operations/temporary_credentials_lifetime.adoc[].

> To set the certificate lifetime to a fortnight, thus having the Trino pods restarted every two weeks, use the example below:

Reviewer: TIL! At first I've read Fortnite and was what the heck? :D

Author: found the gamer :)
